You are right, your wife will say that there is no point in trying harder.
Not as good as my cleaning ticket,
You can win the position of director!
It looks good. Please introduce it to me!
Oh, I'm all naked,
What is this gentleman all about, really?
I don’t know much about the time outside. Let me introduce myself.
There is no menu in Shinshu, which is free of charge.
It’s just the Golden King of Beichen,
You don’t even have the mentality to divide labor between people and states, right?
Beichen Jinzhou, Beichen Jintong, which is the smallest in ten years,
Come on, let's get words stuck in their brains
The core may be Daxia Guardian
Mr. Zhou, have you ever seen him for the first time?
I heard that behind this first time
But any of the current famous Northland kings
true or false
The next flower show of Beifanji Group will be re-opened
Just in Ningzong
So the guy is angry
Real guy's light
I also served as an internal judge in the Beifanji Regiment
I've seen that guy who said the class is good
Talk about hidden lessons
I'll let that adult in
He can spend my youth and status
A guy with a better reputation
Able to sit down and live in peace
I have to work hard to walk through that set of brothers
Are you going to take over Goyle's hand in the future?
I worked but got
Bei Lian adjusted the audience
Mr. Zhou, it’s true
The future is not bright
Ten years, you are joking
You dare to tell me that I won’t laugh at Bei Lian Diao?
Now I don’t have any of your liar’s contacts in the book
You said I once committed an internal crime
Nine generations younger than you
Crossed once
Because Jiujing will destroy the whole Beijing
Become a family again
Did everyone hear it?
I understood you correctly
What this young man means is
Ka is the king of Kitateki who is above all others.
Why don't you come over and create it quickly?
What did you say you were always like?
Like your baby
Your name is worthy of your Baili Heavenly King
What are you doing wrong? I'm sorry.
Everyone should have nothing
the same as you
Even the expenses are taken care of by oneself
It looks like it's still short of par.
Back to the grassroots level
Go to Dougan for two more days
Mom, this is the result of years of hard work.
Mom, how hard is the environment?
You know best
Wrong way
What's the use of trying harder
Yuan Nao is still the most considerate
It’s easy to convince yourself that the price is so high.
Think about it
In the future, the position of director
I'll leave it to you far away